[CloudPC] Add ValidateBulkResize API and cloudPcResizeValidationResult enum (#20199)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/cloudpc-validatebulkresize.md

---
title: "cloudPC: validateBulkResize"

> description: "Validate selected devices to see if their states meet the requirements to perform Bulk Resize."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Validate the selected devices to see if their states meet the requirements to perform a bulk resize action."
```

> author: "Aria Zhang (yuzhang3)"

Reviewer: Please use a valid Github alias.

ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# cloudPC: validateBulkResize

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Validate selected a bulk of [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) to see if their states meet the requirements to perform Bulk Resize.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Validate a bulk of selected [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) to see if their states meet the requirements to perform Bulk Resize.
```

> Validate a bulk of selected [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) to see if their states meet the requirements to perform Bulk Resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validate the selected [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) devices to see if their states meet the requirements to perform a bulk resize action.
```

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->

> To validate if a set of [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) can be bulk-resized in the organization using delegated permissions:

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure that we need this introductory sentence because we're only providing one HTTP syntax. Generally if we provide multiple possible syntaxes in a method topic, we might introduce each. Okay to delete this sentence?

> To validate a set of [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) to see if they can be bulk resized in the organization using delegated permission:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate if a set of [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) can be bulk-resized in the organization using delegated permissions:
```

``` http
POST /deviceManagement/virtualEndpoint/cloudPCs/validateBulkResize
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the parameters.

The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this action.

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |cloudPcIds|String collection|The identifier id of a set of Cloud PC.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|cloudPcIds|String collection|The Cloud PC id list for selected Cloud PC devices to be validated. Max count is 2000..|
```

> |cloudPcIds|String collection|The Cloud PC id list for selected Cloud PC devices to be validated. Max count is 2000.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|cloudPcIds|String collection|The selected Cloud PC id list to be validated. The max count is 2000.|
```

> |targetServicePlanId|String|The identifier id of targeted resized service plan.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|targetServicePlanId|String|The target service plan id of the resize configuration with new vCPU and storage size.|
```

> |targetServicePlanId|String|The target service plan id of the resize configuration with new vCPU and storage size.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|targetServicePlanId|String|The target service plan id of the resize configuration with the new vCPU and storage size.|
```
